UCC/BDCAT 2023 Call for Posters
Submissions
Authors are invited to submit posters electronically through the following link:
https://cmt3.research.microsoft.com/UCCBDCAT2023

Call for Posters
This call for papers applies to posters with accompanying two (2) ACM-formatted double-column pages short papers for the main UCC or BDCAT conferences. Authors are invited to submit a short two-page writeup covering original work-in-progress (WIP) or ongoing research suitable for presentation at the conference venue in poster form.

Important Dates
Timezone: Anywhere in the world!
17 Oct	Poster submissions due
21 Oct	Notification of Acceptance
31 Oct	Camera-ready papers due
31 Oct	Early + author registration deadline
TBD	Poster session at the conference

Topics of interest
Topics of interest include but are not limited to those covered in the UCC or BDCAT conferences, such as:
•	Artificial intelligence
•	Cloud computing and application architectures
•	Cloud technologies including virtual machines, containers and functions
•	Programmable infrastructure and deployment models in cloud environments
•	Cloud performance, security and energy efficiency aspects
•	Operations and management of clouds
•	Big Data science
•	Big Data infrastructures and platforms
•	Big Data applications
•	Big Data trends and challenges
•	Visualization of Big Data

Manuscript Guideline and Submission
Authors are invited to submit posters electronically. Submitted paper writeups should be structured as technical papers and submitted in PDF format. Papers may not exceed two (2) ACM-formatted double-column pages, including figures, tables, and references. All manuscripts will be reviewed and judged on correctness, originality,technical strength, rigour in analysis, quality of results, quality of presentation, and interest and relevance to the conference attendees. Your submission is subject to a determination that you are not under any sanctions by ACM. Accepted posters will later be converted into single-column format through the ACM TAPS process and therefore need to use the new templates that are single-column by default. Switch them to double-column for authoring your paper. This is possible in both the Word and the LaTeX templates. 

Download the LaTeX or Microsoft Word.

Manuscript submissions must be received by the announced submission deadline. All manuscripts will be reviewed by the Program Committee and evaluated based on originality, relevance of the problem to the conference theme, technical strength, rigour in analysis, quality of results, organization and clarity of presentation of the paper.

Submitted papers must represent original unpublished research that is not currently under review for any other conference or journal. Further details on the publication instructions and registration information will be published on the UCC/BDCAT websites.

The poster review and selection process will be coordinated by the posters co-chairs.
Beilei Jiang, University of North Texas, USA
Patricia Takako Endo, Universidade de Pernambuco, Brazil

Poster Presentation
The authors of accepted posters will be given a 3-minutes time slot to present their work, following the three-minute thesis (3MT) style, at the UCC/BDCAT Poster Session. The authors will also present their posters and discuss their research with the conference attendees and visitors in the poster exhibition session. The recommended poster size is A0 (33.1 x 46.8 in, portrait).

Awards
One or more best poster awards will be given for outstanding poster presentations. Posters will be selected based on their reviewers' scores, contributions and appropriateness to the conference theme. Further details will be made available at the conference webpage.
